[BE-4007]: Added new feature docs (#538)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-module/publish-information/meta-data-information.md

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/be-3667-meta-data-information-localization-get.png' />

### Metadata from Last Updated

With Appcircle's **Retrive from Last Updated** feature, you can automatically update your metadata. When a new version is added, you can directly retrieve the metadata information updated in the previous version with the **Retrive From Last Updated** function on the metadata screen. 

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE4007-metadataUpdate1.png' />

:::caution Metadata from Last Update

With this feature, the last metadata information you saved in Appcircle is copied to the relevant version. 

> Note that if this function is used, **no data will be pulled from App Store Connect**. The data that will come will be the metadata information you saved in the **previous version**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if this function is used, **no data will be pulled from App Store Connect**. The data retrieved will be the metadata information saved in the **previous version**.
```
